Welcome to clear and simple the more NSX and vees for virtual networking.
Now I know you might be tempted to skip over this introduction but stick with me for a moment while
I mention some important resources that can really help you succeed.
I promise the whole process will take less than two minutes.
My name is Rick Creasey and I've been a VM or certified instructor since 2013.
I've taught NSX to hundreds of students directly for VM Ware and I'm also the primary VM or author for
trainer test Stockham.
Now as a long time instructor I can tell you that hands on experience is critical to the learning process.
VM Ware has some great free hands on lab exercises that you can do anytime on demand.
Check these out if you want to get some hands on experience.
I also have a number of great resources available that can help you continue the learning process.
When you signed up for this class I included some of those details on the welcome email that I sent
you.
Finally I want to encourage you to ask me questions.
I want you to get the best possible experience from this class.
If you have a question please don't hesitate to reach out.
I'm happy to be along with you for this journey and I want to welcome you to connect with me on linked
in or through you to me.
And if there's anything I can do to improve this course please let me know.
I strive to get perfect review scores and if there's something that I can do to help improve your experience
I definitely want to do it.
So please don't hesitate to reach up.
Thanks and enjoy learning about V.M. or anæsthetics.